Studying overseas is at an all-time high, with this academic year showing one of the leading numbers of students traveling overseas for higher education. Among this, the Indian students have recorded the lion’s share of the movement. One of the major sought after courses includes studying medicine or surgery which is referred to as MBBS. Ukraine is one of the top destinations for pursuing MBBS studies abroad and correctly so. Indian students wishing to study MBBS in Ukraine can take a look at the detailed analysis of pursuing MBBS in this country and choose for themselves the most feasible option. Why pursuing MBBS in Ukraine is the best option? Situated in Eastern Europe, Ukraine is the most preferred destination for medical studies. The country is home to top government medical universities providing MD, MBBS and other medical/ medicine-associated degrees to students. Top medical universities in Ukraine are all known by major organizations such as UNESCO, WHO, and medical degrees of qualifying graduates are acknowledged everywhere and are entitled to apply for medical positions in any part of the world. Well-known medical fields of MBBS in Ukraine comprise General medicine; Dentistry; Pediatrics and Pharmacy. Candidates do not need to appear for any entrance test to get admittance to a medical university. The average period of an MBBS course in Ukraine is of 5.8 years. Advantages of studying in Ukraine

Leading medical universities in Ukraine are known by world organization groups such as MCI, UNESCO, and WHO medical councils of diverse countries.
The key language of communication in medical universities in Ukraine is English.
Tuition fees and living expenses of medical universities in Ukraine are comparatively lower than other countries such as the United States of America (USA) and the United Kingdom (UK).
Candidates who get their MBBS Degree from the universities in Ukraine can practice in India and other locations.
Eligibility for pursuing MBBS in Ukraine
The candidate should be above 17 years of age
The candidate should secure at least 50% marks in their 12th standard from Science stream (Biology, Chemistry, and Physics) in CBSE / ISC or any other Equivalent Board of Examination.
The candidate must produce an eligibility documentation issued by the MCI during admission to medical universities in foreign countries.
Thus, there are many advantages to studying MBBS in Ukraine.             

Website - https://www.themdhouse.com/mbbs-in-ukraine.php
